karahi

The Indus Valley Natural Cookware Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron 8 Inch Kadai/Kadhai (Small, 1.2 L, Diameter: 20 cm)

Model Name	KC-FE-KA-001
Material	Cast Iron
Brand	The Indus Valley
Colour	Black
Item Dimensions LxWxH	22.5 x 20 x 8 Centimeters
Capacity	1.2 L/day
Has Nonstick Coating	No
Is Oven Safe	Yes
Is Dishwasher Safe

About this item
DIMENSIONS- Inner Diameter 20 cm, Weight – 1.89 Kg
EASE OF USE - The Indus Valley Cast Iron Kadai is easy to clean and saves your time while cooking. Works on gas stove - can be used on the stove, in the oven, over a fire. It can withstand high temperatures for a long time.
USE & CARE - All The Indus Valley cast iron products are completely hand seasoned. But it needs cleaning and seasoning for few times before cooking. Once you received your kadai, clean it completely using mild dish-washing liquid and water. After cleaning, wipe it using a soft cloth and let it dry. Then, apply cooking oil all over it. Heat the kadai under medium flame for 20 mins. After 20 mins, switch it off and let it cool down completely.
CLEANING - Once it is done, use a soft cloth to wipe away the excess oil and store the kadai in a dry place. Repeat the process for 3- 4 times before starting to cook to get your desired result. On further usage, it becomes non-sticky and your food will taste the best.


grill

Lodge Cast Iron Grill Pan, 10.5 inch, Black


Model Name	Cast Iron
Material	Cast Iron
Brand	Lodge
Item Diameter	10.5 Inches
Color	Black
About this item
Foundry seasoned, ready to use upon purchase
Use on all cooking surfaces, grills and campfires
Oven safe
Sauté, sear, fry, bake and stir fry to heart's content
Made in the USA


tawa


NutriChef 10" & 12" Kitchen Frying Nonstick Cookware Set w/Drip Spout Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Skillet Pans, 10 inch - 12 inch, Ceramic


Model Name	Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Skillet Pans
Material	Aluminum
Brand	NutriChef
Item Dimensions LxWxH	19.37 x 12.68 x 2.24 inches
Has Nonstick Coating	Yes
About this item
NON-STICK COOKING SURFACE: The NutriChef 2 Pieces Skillet Kitchen Pans feature a non-stick cooking surface that ensures quick, effortless food release & eliminates the need for butter, oil, or cooking spray. Makes tasty homemade food slide out easily
PRE-SEASONED: The classic fry pan cooking set comes pre-seasoned w/ 100% natural vegetable oil to prevent the cookware from rusting while on store shelves or warehouse & also prevents food from sticking. Ideal for cooking chicken, steak & vegetables
HEAT SAFE UP TO 500°F: The PFOA & PFOS free nonstick skillet cast iron pan set is heat-safe up to 500°F. Features wide diameter size for large meals & includes 2 cool touch orange silicone handles. Comes in 10 & 12-inch cast iron skillets
SIDE DRIP SPOUT: Features integrated side drip lips making it easy to discard excess oil & fat. The round nonstick pans are made of heavy duty cast iron proven to effectively distribute & retain heat for an even cooking throughout the entire pan
INDUCTION READY: This nonstick grill pan kitchen set is compatible w/ all heating methods. Works on gas, induction, ceramic & electric stove top. It is stain-resistant & easy to clean. Enjoy easy traditional cooking style with the whole family


egg

Egg Poacher Pan - Stainless Steel Poached Egg Cooker – Perfect Poached Egg Maker – Induction Cooktop Egg Poachers Cookware Set with 4 Large Egg Poacher Cups and Silicone Spatula

? Perfect Egg Poacher: This 4-cup egg poacher set comes equipped with a durable 10-inch 18/8 stainless steel pan, tempered glass lid, removable tray, four non-stick Teflon-coated egg cups, and a silicone spatula to poach your eggs to perfection. Each egg poacher cup can hold up to one large egg.
? Strong & Dependable: Large and sturdy, the stainless steel pan allows the eggs to cook in 2 cups of water, while steam passes through the small holes in the insert. The see-through glass cover makes it easy to keep track of your eggs. The stay-cool handle prevents overheating and allows gripping without any pain or hassle!
? Make Egg-cellent Dishes: Cook a delicious breakfast or brunch or get creative with egg-inspired dinner dishes. All four of the Teflon cups are deep enough to be used like miniature sauté pans allowing you to prepare custom egg creations for you and your family, seasoned to your liking.
? Great Pan for Everyday Use: Once you’re done poaching your eggs, you can remove the insert and use pan for all your other cooking needs. Product Dimensions: Approx. 4” tall with lid on, 8” diameter across the bottom of pan, and 7” handle.
? Scoop & Clean with Ease: The silicone spatula makes egg removal quick and easy. Order your egg poacher set today!


stemmer


Steamfast SF-370 Canister Cleaner with 15 Accessories-All-Natural, Chemical-Free Pressurized Steam Cleaning for Most Floors, Counters, Appliances, Windows, Autos, and More, 64 inches, White



Brand	Steamfast
Style	Cleaner
Color	White
Surface Recommendation	Hard Floor
Item Weight	8.42 Pounds
About this item
MAXIMUM PORTABILITY — Designed for ease of use with a 15-foot power cord with integrated cord wrap, wheels, carrying handle, and a 6. 5-foot hose that provides added reach for those hard to get to places
15 VERSATILE ACCESSORIES — Equipped for steam cleaning jobs in and around your home including mop pads, utility brushes, jet nozzle, squeegee, scrub tools, fill cup, and more
LARGE CAPACITY TANK — The 48-ounce water tank heats up in 8 minutes and provides up to 45 minutes of steam
CHEMICAL-FREE CLEANING — Naturally deep clean without the use of harsh chemicals using hot, pressured steam to eliminate grease, grime, and stains from a wide range of surfaces including ceramic tile, grout, granite, sealed wood flooring, laminate, appliances, grills, autos, and more
SUPERIOR SUPPORT — When you choose a Steamfast product, you’re investing in superior performance and design that will deliver total satisfaction. If not, we’ll replace it, for 2 years. Supported by a customer service team based in Andover, KS
Built to meet U.S. voltage requirements. Certified, safety-tested, and warrantied for use only in the U.S